release: v0.0.10 (#474)
apollographql/apollo-cli: CHANGELOG.md

## 🛠 Maintenance
## 📚 Documentation --> 

# [0.0.10] - 2021-04-27

## 🚀 Features

- **Prints information about opting out of anonymized usage data collection after installation - [EverlastingBugstopper], [pull/456]**

  [EverlastingBugstopper]: https://github.com/EverlastingBugstopper
  [pull/456]: https://github.com/apollographql/rover/pull/456

- **Report SHA-256 hash of git remote URL - [EverlastingBugstopper], [issue/313] [pull/461]**

>   Our anonymized usage data will now report the hash of a git remote URL if it exists in order to more accurately determine the number of unique projects Rover is used in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Our anonymized usage data will now report the hash of a git remote URL if it exists to more accurately determine the number of unique projects Rover is used in.
```

  [EverlastingBugstopper]: https://github.com/EverlastingBugstopper
  [pull/461]: https://github.com/apollographql/rover/pull/461
  [issue/313]: https://github.com/apollographql/rover/issues/313

- **Client returns an error on non-200 status codes - [EverlastingBugstopper], [pull/472]**

  Sometimes when performing HTTP requests, a non-200 status code is returned. This is now properly handled, and Rover's HTTP client will return a proper error message informing you of the bad response.

  [EverlastingBugstopper]: https://github.com/EverlastingBugstopper
  [pull/472]: https://github.com/apollographql/rover/pull/472

## 🐛 Fixes

- **Adds a newline to all output to stdout - [EverlastingBugstopper], [issue/458] [pull/462]**

>   Rover no longer has the bug where it wouldn't conclude its output with a newline. Now we don't make your shells upset! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Rover no longer concludes its output with a newline, which caused zsh to output an extra character. Now we don't make your shells upset! 
```
